SymDB: Component / Remote / Uploader integration (#5717)
DataDog/dd-trace-rb: docs/DynamicInstrumentation.md

    redacted.
- **Stack traces** — the call stack at the point the probe fires.

**Symbol Database** (uploaded once at startup, see below):

- Class, module, and method names from user application code
- Method parameter names (not values)
- Source file paths and line ranges
- File content hashes (for source code version matching)
- No runtime values, variable contents, or application data

## Symbol Database

The Symbol Database powers auto-completion in the Dynamic Instrumentation
UI. When enabled, the tracer extracts symbol information (classes,
modules, methods, parameters) from your running application and uploads
it to Datadog via the Agent. This allows the DI UI to suggest class
names, method names, and method parameters when creating probes.

### Enabling the Symbol Database

Symbol Database upload is enabled by default when Dynamic Instrumentation
is enabled. No additional configuration is required. It activates via

> Remote Configuration when the DI UI is opened for your service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Symbol Database upload is enabled by default when Dynamic Instrumentation
is enabled. No additional configuration is required. It activates using
Remote Configuration when you open the DI UI for your service.
```

Author: Applied in 1f95b81d0f — matches the same 'using Remote Configuration when you open the DI UI' phrasing as your other suggestion.
